---
title: '"I have a custom domain which I purchased at GoDaddy and I want to use it on my project". In a couple of paragraphs, how do you respond?'
date: '2020-03-24'
---

Thank you for choosing Vercel as your platform of choice to host your application.

To begin with, congratulations on your Web Site/Application. We understand that you already have a Custom Domain which you'd like to integrate with your Vercel project.

To add a custom domain to your project, please follow the simple series of steps below and you should be good to go!

**[Adding a Custom Domain](https://vercel.com/support/articles/how-do-i-add-a-custom-domain-to-my-vercel-project#adding-a-custom-domain/ "Adding a Custom Domain")**

To add a custom domain to your project, navigate to the **Domains** section under the **Settings** tab for the project, enter the URL for your custom domain and click "Add".

**[Verifying a Custom Domain](https://vercel.com/support/articles/how-do-i-add-a-custom-domain-to-my-vercel-project#verifying-a-custom-domain/ "Verifying a Custom Domain")**

Once you have added your Custom Domain, you will need to verify the domain.
Dependent on the type of domain added, either **apex** or **subdomain**, you will be presented with differing options. 

Apex domains can be verified by adding an **A record** with your existing DNS provider while subdomains can be verified by adding a **CNAME record**.

When selecting the **Nameservers method** of configuration for either apex domains or subdomains, you will be provided with the Vercel nameservers to copy and use with your registrar.

**[Adding a Domain Redirect](https://vercel.com/support/articles/how-do-i-add-a-custom-domain-to-my-vercel-project#adding-a-domain-redirect/ "Adding a Domain Redirect")**

When adding multiple domains to a project, you want to establish the canonical source so that search engines can optimize better for it. It is also a common practice to redirect your apex domain to the www subdomain.
You can add a redirect from one to the other by clicking on the "Edit" button for your domain card and selecting an option for the Redirect to input field.

Should you encounter any errors, you may reference our [troubleshooting](https://vercel.com/support/articles/how-do-i-add-a-custom-domain-to-my-vercel-project#troubleshooting/ "troubleshooting") guide.

Please reference our [documentation](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/projects/custom-domains#/ "documentation") which discusses each of the above steps in great detail.

Furthermore, you may also refer to our Support Artilce on [How do I add a custom domain to my Vercel project?](https://vercel.com/support/articles/how-do-i-add-a-custom-domain-to-my-vercel-project/ "How do I add a custom domain to my Vercel project?").

Should you have any further queries or need assistance with performing any of the above steps, please feel free to write back. We'd be happy to get on a web meeting and guide you through the process.




