---
title: 'What do you think is one of the most common problems which customers ask Vercel for help with? 
How would you help customers to overcome common problems, short-term and long-term?'
date: '2020-03-28'
---

Deriving from the **[Most Common Articles ](https://vercel.com/support/ "Most Common Articles ")** list, configuring domains seems to be a common peeve among users starting on Vercel.

However, building on my recent experience, one of the common problems I’d assume with Vercel as a Serverless platform, would be a certain feature/functionality working locally and not when deployed. Attesting this assumption is the existence of the below Support Article.

**[why-does-my-serverless-function-work-locally-but-not-when-deployed](https://vercel.com/support/articles/why-does-my-serverless-function-work-locally-but-not-when-deployed/ "why-does-my-serverless-function-work-locally-but-not-when-deployed")**

**Short Term**: In my opinion, Vercel has taken the right approach by posting a Support Article that reasonably explains the cause and lists alternatives/options for the user to fall back on. 

This is a **hallmark of a great support article** in which the cause, the resolution, and multiple alternatives are explored.

I’d do the same if/when I’d identify a common problem that plagues a certain area of the product.

i.e. To **first write a comprehensive Support Article** that captures the issue and publish it for Public visibility as soon as a common trend is identified. Then on, **optimize to add alternatives and new information** to the article so that users can benefit from our research.

**Long Term**: Have a **Notification Service** [such as PANS,  Publishing and Notification Service that a user can subscribe to] that publishes common problems and their solutions as chronic problems are identified. This would ensure users are **prepared and have alternatives available** as and when they run into them. 

This translates to a **far better experience** than encountering the problem first and then scouting for a solution.
